Html css lesson 3 outline (#49)
Code-Your-Future/syllabus: docs/finalproject/week-1/lesson.md

Once you have your team and your assignment, start by sorting out the basic administrative requirements.

### 1. Introductions
   - Before we introduce ourselves let's introduce one of the tools we'll be using to collaborate during the project, [Miro](https://miro.com/). Whiteboards are a simple yet powerful tool software teams use to share ideas and solve problems - Miro is just a virtual version. It should be intuitive but if you want help there's lots of [content online](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pULLAEmhSho).
   
   - Once you're familiar with the tool one person should make a copy of [this Miro board](https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_knoA0Ag=/) for your team to work on. 
   

>    - OK, now we're setup with let's get to know each other a little using **Exercise 1: Icebreaker** on your team's copy of the Miro board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - OK, now we're set up let's get to know each other a little using **Exercise 1: Icebreaker** on your team's copy of the Miro board.
```

> ### 2. Give your team a name!

Reviewer: Looks like the teams have already mostly got their names, they're mostly in the sign up Google Sheet

   - Follow **Exercise 2: Finding a name** in Miro
   
   - This will be your identity - use it in all communications/presentations.

> ### 3. Create a public Slack channel

Reviewer: Most have this done too
